hey guys it's review time you always ask
me if there are markers similar to
kopecks but cheaper today I have a
solution for you I will be doing a
review of touch 3 markers presented by
my colleague youtubers from the channel
unwrapped my mail
if you live in Serbia you can buy these
markers from them here so if you live in
Serbia that's how you can get these
markers the reason I am doing this
review is because these markers are
three three times as cheap as kopecks
but the same quality let's check them
out first of all you have several sets
this is the set of 40 pieces in a travel
bag let's open it up and see what's
inside here we see 40 pieces 40 markers
we have black and 2 shades of grey we
have 2 shades of warm grey and we have
around 5 shades of each basic color
blues oranges pinks reds yellows greens
and violets I use these colors and I
made a comparison between them and
kopecks comparison number one they have
the exact same type of mechanism and the
exact same type type of pen so there is
a chisel tip and there is a pointy tip
there's a chisel tip and there is a
pointy tip I tested them out a bit and I
discovered that the chisel tip can be
removed and you can even refill these
little ones with read the Copic refills
if you find a similar color so that's
that's a nice cheap Copic hack I believe
will work I still haven't used up any of
these to test it out but since the
mechanism is pretty much the same it
should work for each three or four of
these you get you actually save enough
money to buy an entire refill so think
about the math I even tested out how
they fare on a regular paper and you can
see all of these shades right here
compared to copics
these markers blend the same way have
the same lively colors and bleed the
same way let me show you up close as you
can see this is a row footage all of
these colors are really strong really
nice they're they're really vibrant as
you can see all of these yellows and
oranges blend together really nicely you
also have some skin colors and Browns
there are a nice nice collection of
greens and even a turquoise if you want
to use these for Hatsune Miku hair for
example there's also these Gray's warm
grace even a dirty green which I really
liked the pinks and violets are really
vibrant and I really love how how these
blue ones look like I used for this
occasion regular paper so since all of
you asked me how to use copics on
regular paper
you need to notice two things when you
use copics on regular paper it will
bleed so you need to protect the paper
under your paper in your notebook with
something else second piece of paper
cardboard it's up to you these markers
bleed through exactly two sheets of
paper so be prepared for that but they
don't bend the paper
and one important thing they don't bleed
the fine liner usually a sign of low
quality bad marker is when it bleeds on
anything when it when it bleeds the
other colors blacks fineliners nope
that's not the case with these markers
so that means they're perfectly same
quality as the kopecks I hope some of
you will find this useful and
money-saving okay
so as you can see this is my review for
touch three markers except for the brush
tip I hope they will introduce us to a
new type of markers soon and maybe
refills of their own you can use these
markers as a cheap replacement for
kopecks there's enough color for you to
use inside the markers and you can try
refilling them with copics you will save
money
there's the exact same quality as the
kopecks and I hope you really liked the
review as I as I said there will be even
drawing I do completely with these
markers so you can see them in my next
video in use I hope you liked this
review I give these markers really high
grade
and see you next time